With the help of the host, the ryder goes
beat'em ups in the already seventh round
and can play a game modes as well as nine
character and new techniques
but let's go through all the modes
which a beat'em up partly but
Most extreme standards are only extreme
offer little new or varied
starting with the story mode is this
actually only understandable in the beach
one has read or looked one begins
The first campaign in combat tactics
command from the end of this bankers of
However, ideology not travel their
with money to go lady gaga of his ones
before and after character so
Cinemas Hometown Oppressed in Principle
So my story you really
if you understand the whole
Since she knows only a part of the action
Saga covers next to this story there is
also an extra stage with muramasa
a finger character but this too short
that she is barely worth mentioning and then
there is still the first campaign
but uli woestmann always plays the
antagonist fights the self is
But do not tchibo in the case
but iron
All in all, that's just going to happen to you
texts and no ingame scenes told
So neither any cutscenes yet
rpg moderate textboxes but is a
beat'em up so I personally rather put
worth less on an exciting acs
the one about an act you as a fan
yes already knows and unfortunately too much
is short
huth the story mode is not so now
what the game is, but it is
are still some more modes added
So next we have the fashion
he would be predicted to build
once creative to me personally though
also had the most fun
the customer comes is like the fans below
you know the spd has now
disposed
so should theoretically the weakest mazin
and number one will be the strongest
well in theory in heek mundo
Congress is about the ispa of
to kick her way
but sometimes it just fights
Characters is good because you have to first
others defeat to them
get through
including four of her fighters
which here in seven brand new
I have added this offer
the most varied variety when you are
not just child one has g1 or two against
two
because everything was mixed until you
finally then also espada
breaks through and an exciting and
not exactly light has come before
then of course there is the kate
fashion to the man probably nothing more
must say and the player against
computer mode also explains itself
even
Although you can of course against
other players via the playstation
network and climb in rankings
I was however not granted to
test because my psp unfortunately not in
the situation is
even if the character selection of
game is varied and just fans
with known techniques and the like
will have lots of fun is pretty
balanced and with character like
josef penninger hollow in the cinema or the
Giant characters like alone or yes
you can do more innovations despite
various handicaps difficult to exist
The latter then play themselves
so extremely bad so with these
new elements of the game what we as a courtesy
There is no real fun here
wants to come up
some characters got through me immediately
banker or bridge we are others though
just use this in special text or
do not have
it is clear that a beat'em ups that
always characters are easier
use and master but are here
The gap between extremely useful
and extremely lane that big at it
these characters through my music
she does not enjoy at all
to test out big character selection already
good if in a game by doing so
everything so anja lenz will renounce me
personally love something
In conclusion , that's really possible
only one game is really into the game
quence and I can say that she herself
beat times very much because too short
story mode with a little creative
reverse campaign and the typical
It just can not recognize fashion
to convince
the eco mondo was complete as before
said the only really interesting
with a change
But this alone is not a purchase
value world gambling with other players
But I would like to be warned already
the game is in japanese and how like
because you are missing with the German one
account can do anything I can
you say my psp of this faction
light is one-sided, but I have
guess it will come to that
beaten up by little Japanese otake
to be well for hardcore fans
series I can because a recommendation
due to the uncle care and the
expressing diversity in the characters
everyone else just wants to buy
a good beat'em up